README.md, before:

# ChronoQuest

## Overview
ChronoQuest is an engaging and educational historical knowledge game where players reorder historical events based on time, geography, and chronology. Through interactive gameplay and post-game information, players can enhance their historical knowledge in a fun and challenging way.

## Features
- **Core Gameplay Mechanics**
  - Players draw event cards and reorder them chronologically.
  - Timeline and geographical placement challenges.
  - Scoring based on accuracy and attempts.
- **Hints and Feedback**
  - Optional hints available.
  - Feedback provided at the end of the game.
- **Educational Component**
  - Brief historical summaries for each event.
  - Optional multimedia content and additional learning resources.
- **Future Enhancements**
  - Multiplayer mode, difficulty levels, multimedia integration, and more.

## Tech Stack
- **Frontend:** React.js
- **Backend:** Node.js
- **Future Expansion:** Android/iOS versions

## Development Roadmap
### Phase 1: MVP Development
1. Implement card drawing and reordering mechanics.
2. Develop scoring system for chronological, timeline, and map placement.
3. Integrate educational content for post-game learning.
4. Conduct user testing and refine mechanics based on feedback.

### Phase 2: Enhanced Features
1. Introduce difficulty levels and advanced scoring mechanics.
2. Add multimedia integration (images, videos, maps).

### Phase 3: Expanding Gameplay
1. Implement multiplayer mode and leaderboards.
2. Expand historical event database with localized content.
3. Add player progression, achievements, and customization options.

## Installation & Setup
1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/ChronoQuest.git
   cd ChronoQuest
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```sh
   npm start
   ```

## Contribution
Contributions are welcome! Please submit issues and pull requests to help improve the game.

## License
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact
For inquiries, reach out to [gtsagiannis@gmail.com](gtsagiannis@gmail.com).

Commit message:

feat: integrate Chronoquest services into Otterverse stack
- Updated Chronoquest docker-compose with network aliases (chronoquest-frontend and chronoquest-backend).
- Adjusted Vite preview configuration to allow the 'chronoquest-frontend' host.
- Update README.md

README.md, after:

# ChronoQuest

## Overview
ChronoQuest is an engaging and educational historical knowledge game where players reorder historical events based on time, geography, and chronology. Through interactive gameplay and post-game information, players can enhance their historical knowledge in a fun and challenging way.

## Features
- **Core Gameplay Mechanics**
  - Players draw event cards and reorder them chronologically.
  - Timeline and geographical placement challenges.
  - Scoring based on accuracy and attempts.
- **Hints and Feedback**
  - Optional hints available.
  - Feedback provided at the end of the game.
- **Educational Component**
  - Brief historical summaries for each event.
  - Optional multimedia content and additional learning resources.
- **Future Enhancements**
  - Multiplayer mode, difficulty levels, multimedia integration, and more.

## Tech Stack
- **Frontend:** React.js
- **Backend:** Node.js
- **Future Expansion:** Android/iOS versions

## Development Roadmap
### Phase 1: MVP Development
1. Implement card drawing and reordering mechanics.
2. Develop scoring system for chronological, timeline, and map placement.
3. Integrate educational content for post-game learning.
4. Conduct user testing and refine mechanics based on feedback.

### Phase 2: Enhanced Features
1. Introduce difficulty levels and advanced scoring mechanics.
2. Add multimedia integration (images, videos, maps).

### Phase 3: Expanding Gameplay
1. Implement multiplayer mode and leaderboards.
2. Expand historical event database with localized content.
3. Add player progression, achievements, and customization options.

## Installation & Setup
1. Clone the repository:
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/ChronoQuest.git
   cd ChronoQuest
   ```
2. Install dependencies:
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. Start the development server:
   ```sh
   npm start
   ```

## Integration with OtterVerse
ChronoQuest is now integrated into the OtterVerse platform as one of its modular services. When deployed as part of OtterVerse, ChronoQuest runs as a separate Docker Compose stack and communicates via a shared external network (named `otterverse-net`). In this setup, the ChronoQuest frontend is accessible via the network alias `chronoquest-frontend`. For complete deployment instructions and to see how ChronoQuest interacts with the other services, please refer to the OtterVerse documentation.


## Contribution
Contributions are welcome! Please submit issues and pull requests to help improve the game.

## License
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contact
For inquiries, reach out to [gtsagiannis@gmail.com](gtsagiannis@gmail.com).
